INTRODUCTION 
The purpose of the test plan is to test publication module for which was presented by the developers for the research support project. The master specification document version 0.1 released on the 15th march 2016. The objective of the testing the publication is the test the functionality of maintaining information of a publication throughout the circle of a research, in it has an option to be published or abandoned.
The functional requirement of the preconditions for this case is 
•	Detecting the actual publication.
•	Checking the state of which entries captures for the state of publication
•	Checking publication in a database.
•	Checking the notification alert for any of the authors 
Nonfunctional requirement 
Flexibility 
Add publication - the function is easily add different access channel of publication.
Change publication state- the function is to be able to make impartation in the state of publication of a research.
Modify publication type- the function is flexible to adopt change in the publication type 
Deactivate publication type- the function is flexible to turn off (disengage) a publication.
Reactivate publication type- the function is flexible to restart a publication
Add publication type - the function is flexible to created and update publications  

Maintenance- 
 It should be easy to maintain the system in the future. To this end future developers should be able to easily understand the system, the technologies chosen for the system can be reasonably expected to be available for a longtime, and developers should be able to easily and relatively quickly change aspects of the functionality the system provides, and add new functionality to the system.

Add publication- the function of maintaining the system to will rely on how the system is be manage and cared for.  It depend on the developer to 
Change Publication State- this function totally depend on the maintenance of the system 
Deactivate Publication Type- this function totally depend on the maintenance of the system
Modify Publication Type this function totally depend on the maintenance of the system
 Reactivate Publication Type- this function totally depend on the maintenance of the system
 Add Publication Type - this function totally depend on the maintenance of the system
Scalabilities- the network round-trip which is outside the control of the
System.
Add publication- The architecture of the system is easily scaled to add publication research communities of several hundred researchers.
 Change publication state- the function of the system is easy to change publication usually within the scale
  Deactivate publication type- the function of deactivate publication is easy
Modify publication type -the function of modify publication is easy
 Reactivate publication type- the function of reactivate publication 
Add publication type - the function of adding a publication is easy as long it’s in the accessible in 


Approach-
The test personally use the IEEE 2008 standard known as the 829 Standard for Software Test Documentation, it use the publication and the test case specification The approach in this unit testing plan is to test the publication module of the research system for this project. The architectural specification use for this design was the virtual DOM (GitHub), JavaScript and the integration with the npm. 
The unit testing is executed using test code in the form of their test tools, the unit test requires a set of tools to find the bug. The tools which was use was the Java source code analyzer. And it was also use for security proposes 
TEST ACCEPTANCE CRITERIA
1.	Approved Functional Specification document, Use case documents must be available prior to start of Test design phase.
2.	Test cases approved and signed-off prior to start of Test execution
3.	Development completed, unit tested with pass status and results shared to Testing team to avoid duplicate defects
4.	Test environment with application installed, configured and ready to use state.
Environment 
A windows environment with Internet Explorer 8, 9 and 10, and with Firefox 27.0, as well as Google Chrome 32.0 and the installed GitHub application.

Fail and pass critical 
Tests executed against the system use the functional requirements, non-functional requirements, and use cases as the factor to determine a pass or fail.
The test exhibits a product pass meetinhg  the objectives of any of the functional requirements, non-functional requirements, and the use cases.

Recommendation 
•	Review test plan, scripts, expected results, and provide timely feedback.  
•	Assist in the validation of results 
•	Support the development and testing processes being used to support the project.
•	Conduct an investigation into execution discrepancies of the test





	
